Indian Institute of Technology Bombay (ChE) Thesis LaTeX Class

by Chandra Has, 2016 

This class file enables to write thesis, seminar report,
dissertations, or any other type of report which should fullfill
the requirements of the graduate school at several institutes.  
In addition to the designed class, an example thesis is included 
which gives a brief introduction about LaTeX and the usage of the
style class in particular. 

If you are new to LaTeX, it is suggested to make two copies of the example
files. Keep one as a reference and do editing in other by removing the
example text and replacing it with your own contents. This will help you not 
only learning LaTeX but also to write your thesis relatively in less time.

If you are already aware to LaTeX but want to learn more then this class file
can help a lot to write your own class files.

Instructions for using:
  1) Find the whole folder and unpack the zip archive.  
  2) run latex on Thesis.tex
      UNIX/Linux: $ latex Thesis <return>
      Windows: load Thesis.tex and click PdfLaTeX button
                (assumes TeXstudio or TeXmaker/MikTex)
  3) run bibtex to generate bibliography info:
      UNIX/Linux: $ bibtex Thesis <return>
      Windows: click BibTeX button.
  4) run latex two more times (see above)
  5) view pdf output
      UNIX/Linux: $ pdf mythesis & (the '&' places the viewer in the background)
      Windows: click at the viewer button.

Good Luck!

Has C.



File List:
Name			Description
chthes.cls		LaTeX2e thesis class file (version v1.0 in 2016, new version v1.1 released in 2019, paragraph indentation problem is resolved)
fncystyle.sty		LaTeX2e chapter style file


Thesis.tex  		Thesis root file (run LaTeX on this file)
dec.tex                 Thesis declaration
ack.tex                 Acknowledgements
abs.tex    	        Thesis abstract 
intro.tex        	A thesis chapter
lit.tex          	A thesis chapter
exp.tex             	A thesis chapter
res.tex            	A thesis chapter   
conc.tex       		A thesis chapter
app1.tex         	A thesis appendix
app2.tex          	A thesis appendix
pub.tex          	Publications
mybib.bib   		The BibTeX reference library

README			This file

source.zip 		The zip archive you unpacked

Acknowledgements:
The \texttt{chthes} class file is based on the IITB thesis file
written by Prof. P. SUnthar and edited by Chandra Has. 

License:

       "Pack


Cheers !
